Well, how about we start with the trial run?
You know, just like a few hours.
You charged by the hour?
Well, I have fixed rates along with hourly rates.
It just depends on whatever works best for you.
Whatever works for me?
Mm-hmm.
This is insane.
Oh, I should have lied to him.
But going Olivia, I know you've ruined everything.
Hello?
Mrs. Foster?
Will's back.
Tomorrow night.
Um, yeah, yeah, I, uh, I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Oh, my God.
I cannot believe my jerk-ass husband is back after five years.
So, how to go with Olivia?
She's top-notch, right?
Really knows her stuff.
You're her client, too?
How else would I recommend her to you?
Don't ever do that again.
The hell?
He said you needed a divorce lawyer.
She's really good at drafting pre-noves.
Grandma?
My wife?
Okay, I'll be back.